On May 27th, 2021, a single atomic nucleus struck the detectors out in the Utah desert.  The energy it carried was about the same as the energy a brick delivers to your foot when you drop it.  We don't know how many machines in the universe could do such a thing,  but when we looked in the direction the particle came from, we saw something worse. There's nothing there.  In the early 2000s, the Delta Casabasundan took over the world in the desert.  In the early 2000s, the Earth's largest solar system was developed.  In the early 2000s, the Earth's largest solar system was developed.  If you think about the mechanism of the solar energy transfer, you can see that we are in the same place.  We are in the middle of the solar system and we want to take care of that energy transfer.  We can control the energy transfer by using the energy transfer tool.  Although we do not want to use the energy transfer tool to the calibration system.  How can we do that?  We start with our first question, and it is for the first time in this module.  Then you will read the address of the answer file.  There is almost no word on the screen,  so please put your names on the screen and call a number.  1966, B. B. B. is Judgement Day,  B. B. is Kenneth Grizer and D. B. is George E. Z.  is theulus of Adventist Race for this day.  Evren, in a recent article in the article,  I have seen that there is a large number of particles in the cosmic-microdome of the universe.  This is an anti-metric system that can be used by photons.  The photons can be used by the energy of the universe.  In addition, the energy of the universe can be used by the protons.  The protons can be used by the energy of the energy of the energy of the universe.  The  your nurse each in the yolk of the narrow day say yolk active yolk of the  check your day yolk Patlama Leild is also my yolk  kumashoku yolk yani boo partridge you Kirk's you look at our his lander a  village a kichbir makina yolk ole on the tongue you tell the arachter  modular don john matthews and tarrif it on the boy do you look at it or a talk  about your sonos we have a rich noctus in the bono irritable jakea terringer  energy kichbir shable on your sonos boo boshluktang gala and beer tocatke be  it is still a catchy shoulder the couple of your new order sapman and his  upland and on buccal mass each in partridge in our beer check your decal  masa garek your de mesa la demir check your day gal michel sa electric uq  your multi-cut buccal do each in magnetic alla narda your multi-cut faz  dasavular veglish una kaena gustar me tama member occurred a machin yard a key  dalam and an ocunan is large partridge in proton yada on a yakin haffi  check your decal do not share it at your do hey if if partridge a sapman  and kichu koldu yani addressing garchik tanda boshlu koldu anna mana gill your  boo sukushma chock fuck la are like touch a clamal and masa a gal mess in a  yolach to be ruchta partridge in hitch beer gakada dang gal medi samayo loonan  candy karan look mad de halosun the bosunan super arbyr partridge in urinal  do scenario of art budurum the gillish unibear kaynak yucca de ideal be zane  yakin karan look mad de ono new sharia to do all urdo sonraqui larda yappal  an iron to le hasa plar busa chen a buka to desa kishtarda dear uchta is a  uta ekib in dan john bells and delegator de who's a zamanan yappas and a key  kusur larya the charpish on cosmic sijim nargi be fizzing and speculative kushin  dan ficher larder uldo boof ikir leringid dl and masa kim cenin on nara garchik  tan in on masa and an deal billinana chaklamalara naked are the nagostar  mason danny larry gala order between butchik mazan alton da kim cenin uke  success less or gula madre the sis beer varsa imia to order beer partridge in  gillish union in beer address all do varsa ima oy sa oy un vis a ullash madan  unge en as ikima yeti kalanan illindang it sure gukadala rasa lans a if it does  answers saman yolunan kendala nisa birkat mikra gauss shidet in de sarmal  kolar boyunja was an andus ani birbileshan ne ustu ne bin miska otic  turbulence in Karishma boo allen and harita setam deal  Farkler modeler ina partridge a kitchen Farkler sup ma una ve miktar aver your  tech biroku gary usa tip ish te kainak burada de make bubbler sis league is  leor okunu jun daki bosh look ever in into affluent and chokaritanan purus  dulundang kainak lanyarola billard a muni tiki max plank physic institution  dan francesca kapel venadine borich problemi tambu nocta dan yeni dan kurdu  tek bir yurin gechiz mek yerine partridge un uch boyutlu yol jolunu  yorka daichi hem yorka dala rasa ma nietik alla narda kisap malere ve yol  boyunja energy kaibana yola chan butun etkile shmeler eecheran similacionar  la mil yonarja kes tek rarla dulash ardun dan yaklashek bias hai sabu denilan  i statistic yon tam le bu similacionar dan hangilir nan garchak te urchul  michelaya yani hem iq skrt dirt x i electron volt look energy hai hem da ok  skingelish una birlikta oedonu susdulash cikta tek bin okta deal kainan  geuk yuzundek ekonumu uzaklu ve cikkish energy suzerin de bir ola selek  bulutu mo delle me belir sizlikler ve bu belir sizlikler en bir bir na balalu  da he sabunichin datashun yor shalushma shubat ikibin yermalte da yayim landa  bu yon tam le bakildun da yeral boshlu kun tekilin ekai beti gurul yor ola  se kainaklar listesi da haunje dushunulandan belir gin bichim da  ganesh volesinen ichindan bir tane oene cikuyor onikimilyon uxikilyu  uzakluktaki purogyokadasa diebilinan emsekseniki purogyokadasa sakin  bir kom shudil ichindayildazolu shumu ole shidetliki ustu stepatlayan super  novalar gyokadadan dushariyadoru bir supar uzgaru fryor  bur uzgarun shokje pelerise yuklu parchajikler kademi kademi hizlandra  bilijek dal bir hizlandra ju sunyor da hasi onikimilyon uxikilyu mikrodal  ga fonunun oe tujusisi karshasun da neradei se hichme safe sailmas parchajik  yolda enarje kaibet medangile bilir. Aini yone bakan bashka bir ekipte  gillish yonun dan ikir bir gurderje ichinde kalan bir blazaru yani jeti ne  tambi zadoru cheviran bir dev karadelik sistemine adayolarak une surdu.  Sapma peine hesaabakatun uzda gyokuzunun okushisi ilkaritanan soile di kadar  ustuz diil. Bu bolumun asl kazanumu baikki purogyokadasunun adubile diil yon  temin kandisi. En yuksik enarje li kosmi kashen astronomy sinin elinde  gurun tuyok. Bulan klashtiril mushwarushu an nerewar. Tekbir olayin yonun  bir isha ret parma agibe okumak kirk pusulayte. Onun yerine har olaye ola  selekta alumuna chevir mek, yan nuzje ama terasuya diil. Bugu ne kadar kaide  diil mishputun ultra yuksik enarje li olayelara uygulana bilijek biarach.  Soru bu parchajik nar dan gyal do olmak tan cikup gukuzun dan gyal an nsart  mermilirin nekadar bilinang kainaklar la tutar libir dalum cheziohaylina  gyal yor. Bu i kinji soru tekbir olayin asla jewa playa mi jaa turdan.  Zewa abu da tekbir olayi la diil, sayil avirile jek. Telescope di zi sinin dirt  kat buit meprojesi kapsaman da diziye beishu zieni sin tilaturek leneor,  tarama lana ikibin do kuzu's kilometre kareye, yani kabaja americanan  nkuchuk aye aleti road island buuk luinde biralana chukuyor. Yuzhilda  kilometre kareye bir parchajik dushan bir gukuzun de dirt kat alan dirt kat olayi  demek. Ama te rasunun bugun tek bashanatashudu yuku, bir kach ontane  benzer olayi pailashtunda, man yeti kalan modal lernin hangi sinin dorol duda  virinin kandi sin dan okuna bilir haale gyal jek. Geri e kalan resum ilkanda  ki kadar urkutu judil, ama bir okadar tuhaf. Evrende bir yarde, muhtemelan  ombir milionu shikilu ote dekendin supernovaar la parchalyan bir gukadada,  tek bir atom chekirde ine bir tulaanin ayanazad ushmein arjisi uklande.  Ochekirde k milionarja yil yolalde, gehti e hermaayetik alan zarfunustun dek  elyazisun birazdaha bulana klashturde, ve ikibin yirmi birde yuta chulunde ki  yirmi uchmetalkutu ya charpte. Boshluktangelan tokat, aslan da boshlu  hundir, kandigo kadamazun maknatas lernan attu bir tokat. Neuron science te bugun  kyubolumun sono na galdik. Fruse master, ingedeturang net. Sees vitha  dap unibiliyitai. Isterheda desensis tard, idupir serbo firtu olyu.  Wititer disreti terkantilu. Morning, this is today's episode. For  contestant and temperataxan, this is today's episode, all then deprecate.  you
